
Saturday 4th November:
So, I've just been adding new keybinds like crazy, to "familiarize" all you guys with the potential full functionality this will have.

This has lead to some setbacks.

One: I ran out of space in my "event sorting" function, as I now have over 26 keybinds, and had to expand on that. I've made it slightly more universal, but not fully.

Two: It's getting a bloody pain in the arse to manually test every single one of these any time I make a change to the inner code, just in case I broke something

So, from that, I went a little nutso, and tried to go full-CI before I even started E2E testing. And basically I ended up finding out a bunch of cool things, but then got bored/ran out of energy to do that before I had anything concrete or workable.

You can see a kind of byproduct of this in my git repo, where I have a few branches of things I've started working on.

I also feel bad, because I feel like I'm not giving you guys the features that I want to, but it's impossible without a stable base.

To wit, I'll now try working on a Faketorio/Busted end to end suite that will let me change code with impunity, or tell me when I've fucked something up.

That is all for now

-BFM

Sunday 5th November:
I've spent about a day or two twatting about with cucumber (because I decided I just didn't like busted), but cucumber-lua was broken. 

I've made a pull request to their repo.

In the meantime, I've updated my incredibly detailed "Setup" text file to point to my fork that will work.

Oh yeah. I've also spent some time putting together a "setup" file, that will tell you exactly how to set stuff up to mod this project. Because I feel sorry for myself for having to go through all that, never want to forget it, and think it's impossible for a novice to blunder through, to get the correct final result. (If someone has a better way of installing Lua on Windows, PLEASE tell me.)
https://github.com/Bigfootmech/Factorio_Blueprint_Editor-notes/blob/master/Setup.txt

From later in the day:
sod this.
I really wanted to use cucumber.
But between its difficulty to install properly, run cucumber-lua at all, bugs in that, and on top of all that, the garbage that is lua pattern matching (at least for this application).
I'm just going to knock it on the head.

I need tests now, not when everything decides to fix itself.

I guess I'll  try writing luaunit e2e tests :/